initial sketch of group actions (#11)
JuliaManifolds/LieGroups.jl: NEWS.md

### Added

* `LieAlgebra`
* `LieGroup` (formerly `GroupManifold`) as well as the concrete groups
  * `AdditiveGroup` (formerly `TranslationGroup`)
* `AbstractGroupOperation` as well as its concrete subtypes
  * `AdditiveGroupOperation`
* `AbstractGroupAction`with its 4 specific cases
  * `LeftGroupAction`
  * `RightGroupAction`
  * `InverseLeftGroupAction`
  * `InverserightGroupAction`
* `apply`and `apply!`
* `compose` and `compose!`

> * `diff_compose_left`, `diff_compose_left!`, `diff_compose_right`, `diff_compose_right!` (formerly `translate_diff` with different sides)

Reviewer: Should this not be `diff_[left/right]_compose`?

Author: Oh yes; must have missed that point in the News; will fix tomorrow. Thanks for noticing

Author: Fixed – but you can see here, that I try to already mention here, what functions were called before. That will help to write the deprecations later – and a “Transition-tutorial”.

* `inv_left_compose`, `inv_left_compose!` and `inv_right_compose`, `inv_right_compose!` (formerly only the `inverse_translate` but it had modes that also just did the now separate composes)
* `conjugate` and `conjugate!`
* `base_manifold` to access the manifold within a Lie group

> * `diff_apply`and `diff_apply!` (formerly `apply_diff!` and `apply_diff!`)

Reviewer 2: We also have `apply_diff_group` in Manifolds.jl which needs to be renamed and placed here.

Author: Yes. The only reason that is not yet here is, that I did not yet find time to read up on them and properly document them; and following the new scheme they will be called `diff_group_apply`. But – slowly but steadily – I will work through that, sure.

### Added

* `LieAlgebra`
* `LieGroup` (formerly `GroupManifold`) as well as the concrete groups
  * `AdditiveGroup` (formerly `TranslationGroup`)
* `AbstractGroupOperation` as well as its concrete subtypes
  * `AdditiveGroupOperation`
* `AbstractGroupAction`with its 4 specific cases

>   * `LeftGroupAction`

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be good to provide the old names of these actions?

Author: So I added two (right-rightside and left left-side) and hope those are correct. For the other two I have no clue which ones correspond to which, because the docs in Manifolds.jl are bit vague on which one is which. Rightaction would be from the right but with left-side it is? LeftInverse or RightInverse? (and vice versa)

Reviewer 2: I think they match like in my comment here: https://github.com/JuliaManifolds/LieGroups.jl/pull/11#discussion_r1783328390 .

  * `RightGroupAction`
  * `InverseLeftGroupAction`

>   * `InverserightGroupAction`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `InverseRightGroupAction`
```

* `apply`and `apply!`

> * `diff_apply`, `diff_apply!`, `diff_group_appply`, and `diff_group_apply!` (formerly `apply_diff_[group][!]`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `diff_apply`, `diff_apply!`, `diff_group_apply`, and `diff_group_apply!` (formerly `apply_diff_[group][!]`)
```

>   * `LeftGroupAction` (formerly the tuple of `LeftAction` or `LeftSide` or left-forward)
>   * `RightGroupAction` (formerly the tuple of `RightactionAction` or `RightSide` or right-backwards)
>   * `InverseLeftGroupAction`
>   * `InverseRightGroupAction`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `LeftGroupAction` (formerly `LeftForwardAction`)
  * `RightGroupAction` (formerly `RightBackwardAction`)
  * `InverseLeftGroupAction` (formerly `RightForwardAction`) 
  * `InverseRightGroupAction` (formerly `LeftBackwardAction`)
```
I think this should be correct.

Author: I am not able to verify this, but you also designed that so this should be fine.

* `compose` and `compose!`
* `diff_left_compose`, `diff_left_compose!`, `diff_right_compose`, `diff_right_compose!` (formerly `translate_diff` with different sides)

> * `inv_left_compose`, `inv_left_compose!` and `inv_right_compose`, `inv_right_compose!` (formerly only the `inverse_translate` but it had modes that also just did the now separate composes)

Reviewer 2: I don't quite understand the note in parenthesis.

Author: In Manifolds.jl there is `inverse_translate` but it has an (optional) last argument to indicate direction/side/ying.

Reviewer 2: So maybe let's rephrase it as 

```
(these functions correspond to `inverse_translate` with corresponding direction and side)
```

Author: sure that sounds fair enough

* `conjugate` and `conjugate!`
* `base_manifold` to access the manifold within a Lie group
* `diff_apply`and `diff_apply!` (formerly `apply_diff!` and `apply_diff!`)
* `exp(G::LieGroup, g, X)` and `exp!(G::LieGroup, h, g, X)` (formerly `exp_inv` and `exp_inv!`)
* `exp(G::LieGroup, ::Identity, X)` and `exp!(G::LieGroup, h, ::Identity, X)` (formerly `exp_lie` and `exp_lie!`)
* `Identity`
* `idenity_element` and `identity_element!`
* `is_identity`

> * `inv` and `inv!` (for actions formerly `switch_direction`)

Reviewer 2: Only `inv` is related to `switch_direction` I think? And I'd write `inv(A::AbstractGroupAction)` instead of just `inv` to make it clear.

Author: yes, but that is what is written their: for actions this was formerly switch_direction.

Reviewer 2: It took me a couple of minutes to understand this line so maybe improving it would be a good idea? One point for `inv`/`inv!` of a group element, and another one for `inv` that corresponds to `switch_direction`? It would be less confusing.

Author: Sure, we can do that. Or the bracket could be (`inv(::GroupAction)`was formerly `switch_direction`) ?

Reviewer 2: That would also be fine.

* `Lie_bracket` and `Lie_bracket!` (formerly `lie_bracket`)
* `log(G::LieGroup, g, h)` and `log!(G::LieGroup, X, g, h)` (formerly `log_inv` and `log_inv!`)
* `log(G::LieGroup, ::Identity, g)` and `log!(G::LieGroup, X, ::Identity, g)` (formerly `log_lie` and `log_lie!`)

> * `switch` (formerlu `switch_side`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `switch` (formerly `switch_side`)
```

* `LieGroup` (formerly `GroupManifold`) as well as the concrete groups
  * `AdditiveGroup` (formerly `TranslationGroup`)
* `LieGroups.AbstractGroupOperation` as well as its concrete subtypes
  * `AdditiveGroupOperation`

Compared to `Manifolds.jl`

> * all `translate` functions are not implemented here, since you can just use `compose`. The differentials are implemented as listes above with respect to both left and right argument of compose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* all `translate` functions are not implemented here, since you can just use `compose`. The differentials are implemented as listed above with respect to both left and right argument of compose
```

> * all `inverse_apply` functions are not implemented here, since there is for example an `InverseLeftGroupOperationAction` to be used in the action type parameter instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* all `inverse_apply` functions are not implemented here, since it is recommended to use `apply(inv(A), g, p)` as a replacement.
```
